Idaho suspect Bryan Kohberger repeatedly messaged victim weeks before murders: report
NY POST - Katherine Donlevy
https://nypost.com/2023/01/17/bryan-kohberger-tried-to-message-victim-repeatedly-before-murders/


Skip to search resultsContact The Author




 











Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission.
Back to ReadingFollow the Story
Idaho suspect Bryan Kohberger repeatedly messaged victim weeks before murders: reportAccused University of Idaho killer Bryan Kohberger slid into one of the girl’s direct messages on Instagram just weeks before the four students were killed in their beds, a report said Tuesday.

An Instagram account that belonged to Kohberger repeatedly sent Instagram messages to one of the college students found dead — but she never returned his advances, an investigator close to the case told PEOPLE.

“He slid into one of the girls’ DMs several times but she didn’t respond,” the anonymous source said. “Basically, it was just him saying, ‘Hey, how are you?’ But he did it again and again.”

The message were reportedly sent in October.

University of Idaho students Kaylee Goncalves, Madison Mogen, Xana Kernodle and Ethan Chapin were found stabbed to death in their off-campus house on Nov. 13.

The source did not disclose which of the girls Kohberger messaged. The suspect followed accounts for all three girls on the social media platform.

The messages from Kohberger’s account were sent around the same time that detectives claim the supect was stalking the victims. His cellphone data pinged in the same location as the four students in the weeks before the murders.

Kohberger — who was pursuing a criminology doctorate at Washington State University, 10 miles from the University of Idaho — has been charged with four counts of first-degree murder and a count of felony burglary in the gruesome quadruple homicide.Authorities aren’t completely sure why the victim didn’t respond to Kohberger’s repeated messages but said it could be simply because she hadn’t noticed them.

“She may not have seen them, because they went into message requests,” the source said, implying that the victim didn’t follow Kohberger back on Instagram. “We’re still trying to determine how aware the victims were of his existence.”

It is not yet clear if the girl’s unresponsiveness was a motive for murder, the source said.

“There’s no indication that he was getting frustrated with her lack of response,” the source said. “But he was definitely persistent.”

Kohberger’s unyielding attempt to reach his alleged victim could be a symptom of the “incel complex” a former FBI investigator believes he suffers from.

“The murders may have been … an effort to assert some type of dominance,” security expert Pete Yachmetz told The Post this week.Post a comment.“I believe a continued stabbing of a victim indicates … an uncontrollable rage and extreme anger … I think he may have developed a sort of incel complex.”

A preliminary status hearing for Kohberger has been set for June 26.














More Stories
Share Link

California Opt Out and Privacy Rights California Privacy NoticeStrictly necessary cookies are essential for the website to function correctly. These cookies may also be used to assist in fraud prevention and security. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without them, performance of the site may be affected and you may not be able to take full advantage of all services and/or features of the site.

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

We and our service providers, such as Google Analytics, use analytics cookies to collect information about your use of the website to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the website, which enable us to improve the way they work.  Analytics cookies collect information such as your IP address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country information data and time of page visits, and pages visited.  This information allows us to identify overall patterns of usage on the website, and help us record any difficulties you have with website.  For information about how to opt-out of Google Analytics cookies, please use the following link:
Google Analytics


Residents of CA and VA have certain other rights with respect to their personal information. Should you wish to exercise any of those other rights, please indicate your preferences through the “Submit Request” link provided below.
Submit RequestIf you are a CA or VA resident and currently subscribe for (or are a former subscriber of) home delivery of the print edition of the New York Post, you may opt out of offline third party sales by using the “Submit an Opt Out Request” link below.

Submit an Opt Out RequestIf you do not wish for us or our third party partners such as advertising networks and social media platforms to sell or share your personal information to others, please  

 If you access this site and/or app from other devices or browsers, or clear your cookies on your devices or browsers, you will need to indicate your preferences again from those devices or browsers. Please note that after making your “Do Not Sell or Share” request, you may still see advertising and we may continue to share personal information with our service providers who use such information on our behalf. To learn more about interest-based advertising across sites and additional opt-out choices, you can visit http://optout.aboutads.info and http://optout.networkadvertising.org.

We and our service providers, such as Google Analytics, use analytics cookies to collect information about your use of the website to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the website, which enable us to improve the way the site works.  Analytics cookies collect information such as your IP address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country information data and time of page visits, and pages visited.  This information allows us to identify overall patterns of usage on the website, and help us record any difficulties you have with website.

Functionality cookies collect information regarding your choices and preferences (such as, your language preference, user name, or location) to provide a more personalized online experience and show you content relevant to where you are, such as customizing a certain webpage or remembering if we have asked you to sign up for our Services.  With mobile or other internet enabled devices, functionality cookies may collect a unique identifier assigned to an internet enabled device (mobile, tablet), geolocation data or other traffic information for that device.  These features help us improve your experience with the website, for example, to determine the appropriate device location during a session or count articles viewed.

We and our service providers, such as Google Analytics, use analytics cookies to collect information about your use of the website to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the website, which enable us to improve the way the site works.  Analytics cookies collect information such as your IP address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country information data and time of page visits, and pages visited.  This information allows us to identify overall patterns of usage on the website, and help us record any difficulties you have with website.

Unknown

Obsolete/cookies not in use 

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

Strictly necessary cookies are essential for the website to function correctly. These cookies may be used to assist in fraud prevention, security and to enable filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without them, some parts of the website may not work. Functionality cookies may collect a unique identifier assigned to an internet enabled device (mobile, tablet), geolocation data or other traffic information for that device.  These features help us improve your experience with the website, for example, to determine the appropriate device location during a session or store language settings.


Cookies on the newscorp.com website that show up in the scan, but were not identified in the cookie audit of 2022.